let's start with a warm-up you get one
point for each one
[Music]
everything looks so yummy except for one
thing better not eat it
do you see it
[Music]
here it is a stuffed animal not a very
healthy lunch option
what a cute group of cats can you spot
the rabbit
hiding among them
[Music]
here it is hiding behind the felines
little red riding hood has an important
mission she won't complete it
until you find the five differences
between these pictures
[Music]
did you spot them all excellent
nothing is what it seems do you notice
anything
weird about this
[Music]
a man's face like i said weird
looks like a pretty stable weather
forecast only
one day is supposed to stand out your
task
identify it
[Music]
one day is going to be sunny with no
clouds whatsoever
here's a classic emoji riddle one of
these guys
isn't quite like the others
i hope you found the odd one out
quick biology quiz what animal left
these footprints
the answer is somewhere in this picture
[Music]
there's a bear right there
this desk clearly needs reorganizing
while you're at it find the four
differences between these pictures
nailed it that fish must be delicious
but does it look like something else to
you
[Music]
right it's also a girl's face hey
don't you call her fish face while
you're fighting the urge to take
all these pups home see if you can find
the 10
differences between these images
hope you spotted them all
how many living beings do you see in
this picture
there are three of them a black panther
a bird
and a girl this tree must be
really clever it has ten heads can you
spot them all
[Music]
there you go didn't expect to run into a
horse in this neighborhood
do you see it
[Applause]
[Music]
of course you did
level one done let's try something more
complicated
give yourself three points for each
riddle in this section
that's one hungry koala you have seven
seconds to find the ten differences
between these two pictures
the ice cubes the nut the berry the bone
the bun what a feast
all these pieces fit together perfectly
except for one
can you find it
yep this one's not gonna work
there's a polar bear lost in this winter
wonderland
let's see if you can rescue it
[Music]
i wonder how it made it up there
do you like white flowers if not maybe
you can see something else
[Music]
it's a girl the mountains are calling
and you must go
find six animals and birds
[Music]
did you spot them all you'd make a great
mountain lion
these monkeys don't want to hear a thing
but only one of them won't speak
find it in seven seconds
excellent time for a walk through the
woods
if you're lucky you might just spot a
sneaky fox
[Music]
must be comfy up there there's a penguin
hiding in this antarctic landscape
do you see it
sometimes you got to think way outside
the box
this deer is out for its daily jog can
you find the six little details that are
different
great eye if you found them all these
emojis aren't as basic as they seem
your task is to find six differences
between these pictures
it's all about the little things
these storm troopers are ready for
action one of them's not going to be
much help though
because it's a panda find it and give it
some bamboo
it's probably starving
[Music]
ah the force is strong with you today
and now for the total opposite there's a
puppy that doesn't belong in this panda
family
where is it
yep it's right here
parties are so much fun these days there
are six differences between these two
find them all
details details can you find the owner
of this web in seven seconds
[Music]
this spider must be a champ at blending
in with its surroundings
okay last round my most challenging
riddles
you get five points for each one you
solve
they say a four leaf clover brings good
luck don't miss your chance
find it
[Music]
looks like today's your lucky day
you have seven seconds to find the
letter t in all this mess
ready steady go
here it is help grandma sort through her
pills
one of them's a panda and it clearly
doesn't belong here
good job um can you tell i love pandas
this street has a secret there's a tiger
hiding somewhere
can you find it
[Music]
well that could have ended badly a vet's
office is always a busy place
it's going to be hard to find 10
differences in this disaster
but i believe in you
[Music]
ah you got em all nice
it's a beautiful day the sun's shining
and the birds are singing
uh-oh one of them doesn't have such a
lovely voice
good luck finding it
[Music]
it was the frog those guys just can't
sing
one of these hamsters clearly doesn't
belong probably because it's a potato
i'll give you seven seconds to find that
spud
[Music]
hey at least you'd never have to feed it
you could totally build a house out of
all of these lego blocks
one of them won't work for you though
can you see it
[Music]
yep you really can't build anything with
a double decker
oh i can hear a bird sing but i can't
see it
can you help me out
got it it's right there behind the
leaves
a big city is always full of fun details
but 10 of them don't match find them all
[Music]
yeah that one was tough
time to add up all your points did you
get less than 30
that's pretty good but keep practicing
more riddles if you want to train your
eyes
did you get between 30 and 60 points
you got eyes like a hawk get more than
60 points
wow you must be a professional detective
i can't hide anything from you